Adapt Serverless Tier in Developer Guide (#11125)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-sample-application-java.md

<div label="Using Mybatis (Recommended)" value="mybatis">

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, modify the `dataSource.url`, `dataSource.username`, `dataSource.password` in `mybatis-config.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, modify the `dataSource.url`, `dataSource.username`, `dataSource.password` in `mybatis-config.xml`.
```

</configuration>
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```

            <!-- Database pool -->
            <dataSource type="POOLED">
                <property name="driver" value="com.mysql.jdbc.Driver"/>
                <property name="url" value="jdbc:mysql://xxx.tidbcloud.com:4000/test?sslMode=VERIFY_IDENTITY&amp;enabledTLSProtocols=TLSv1.2,TLSv1.3"/>

>                 <property name="username" value="root"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <property name="username" value="2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root"/>
```

            <!-- Database pool -->
            <dataSource type="POOLED">
                <property name="driver" value="com.mysql.jdbc.Driver"/>
                <property name="url" value="jdbc:mysql://xxx.tidbcloud.com:4000/test?sslMode=VERIFY_IDENTITY&amp;enabledTLSProtocols=TLSv1.2,TLSv1.3"/>

>                 <property name="username" value="2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <property name="username" value="root"/>
```

<div label="Using Hibernate (Recommended)" value="hibernate">

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, modify the `hibernate.connection.url`, `hibernate.connection.username`, `hibernate.connection.password` in `hibernate.cfg.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, modify the `hibernate.connection.url`, `hibernate.connection.username`, `hibernate.connection.password` in `hibernate.cfg.xml`.
```

        <property name="hibernate.connection.driver_class">com.mysql.cj.jdbc.Driver</property>
        <property name="hibernate.dialect">org.hibernate.dialect.TiDBDialect</property>
        <property name="hibernate.connection.url">jdbc:mysql://localhost:4000/test</property>

>         <property name="hibernate.connection.username">2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root</property>

Reviewer 2: 中文的 [L1652](https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/11862/files#diff-2a24636c7b5fdfd7fac81070334b84a682582854b1b2ae1b6ba77249deb328fdR1652) 没有改 username

Author: 此处将改回 `root`，英文误修改了描述。

其描述行应为，“若使用 Serverless Tier，应从 `root` 改为 `<prefix>.root`”。
但此处写为：“若使用 Serverless Tier，应从 `<prefix>.root` 改为 `<prefix>.root`”。

>         <property name="hibernate.connection.username">2aEp24QWEDLqRFs.root</property>

Author: ```suggestion
        <property name="hibernate.connection.username">root</property>
```

</hibernate-configuration>
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```

<div label="Using JDBC" value="jdbc">

> If you are using the TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier clusters, modify the parameters of the host, port, user, and password in `JDBCExample.java`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier cluster, modify the parameters of the host, port, user, and password in `JDBCExample.java`:
```

mysqlDataSource.setPassword("");
```

> Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from TiDB Cloud Serverless Tier are the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose that the password you set is `123456`, and the connection parameters you get from the cluster details page are the following:
```
